Vision
most competitive logistics worldwide- 
core values are:
passion-means each staff member gives of their best to afford the customer an unforgettable business experience.
Innovation- means staff are encourage and expected to come up with new business ideas aimed at differentiating our product range for the benefit of our customers.
Teamwork-means contributing jointly towards the accomplishment of our destiny and business vision.
responsible corporate citizen-means the business will be conducted in accordance with the laws of the land with a bias towards uplifting the community within which we operate
inspiration-means encouraging our staff to become business leaders who take advantage of their full potential to grow profits.
Integrity-means our total business operations is anchored on uprightness and strict corporate governance.

Request for quote
its that simple, fill in the following details 
select mode of transport between air freight, road and rail freight, ocean freight                     
Our key personnel
the directors and senior management have a wealth of diverse experience spanning from the following basic transport solutions. international freight forwarding (sea and air), rail transport and road transport. in addition they also posses strengths in third party logistics value added solutions including among others customs clearing, warehousing, packaging, bar coding.
this wealth experience was acquired in the course of employment within public and leading multinational and long established freight forwarding organisations in various capabilities including senior managerial positions. the directors and senior management have a wealth of diverse experience spanning from the following basic transport solutions. international freight forwarding (sea and air), rail transport and road transport
History in 2001- we started with a small service
2004- we did consolidation &n handling
2012- we expanded to trucking & warehousing
2016- we broadened to freight insurance
This is our team
1	Molly Chinyama -Managing Director 
2	Tendai Gwenzi -General Manager 
3	Takunda Mandondo-Human Resources Manager
4	Shamiso Chivizhe-AI Consultant and Project Manager 
5	Emelda Mada -AI Junior Engineer 
6	Tanyaradzwa Chikosha- Sales and Marketing Officer
7	Tapiwa Chitura- Sales and Marketing Officer
8	Denroy Tavada- Operations and Logistics Supervisor 
9	Elwin Hove- Operations and Logistics Officer
10	Eric Roberts- Student on Attachment in Operations and Logistics
11	Kimberly Chinyama-Operations Clerk
12	Elton Chigumbura-Operations Controller
13	Ethan Siziba- Student on Attachment in Operations and Logistics
14	Aaron Kwangwa- Accountant
15	Fortune Chirima- Accounts Clerk
16	Auxillia Bhasera- Student on Attachment in Accounts
17	Dickson Nyakudya -Workshop Charge Hand
18	Lovedale -Auto Mechanic
19	Kudakwashe Pindayi-Student on Attachment in Mechanic
20	Broosh Herriman-Messenger
21	Gabriel Murerwa-International Driver
22	Arnold Kariwo-International Driver
23	Portifar Chihombori-International Driver
24	Munyaradzi Masango-International Driver
25	Nyasha Million-International Driver
26	Crispen Ruziwa-International Driver
27	Motion Kasvaurere-General Hand 
28	Arnold Mukaro -General Hand 
29	Sithembile Mukwati -General Hand 
30	Tendai Delight Malunga- General Hand

Our Services 
we have a variety of road freight options to choose from that enables us to ensure that your cargo is delivered to the designated destination.
consolidation services
in the event that your cargo is either less than a truck load (ltl) or less than a container load (lcl) we offer customized solutions for all freight.
air & sea freight forwarding
we are linked to a vast network of supply chain partners that enables us to provide air and sea freight solutions.
customs clearing
for you to experience hassle free clearing in Zimbabwe leave star international`s specialized staff to handle your customs clearance.
customs consultancy
the company is available to give expert advice and assist in resolving any sticking issues that you might have with Zimbabwe revenue authority(Zimra)...


We have 
One brand office, we have made two hundred and thirty clients happy
Eight hundred and ninety project completed
why choose us
we have over 10 years of experience doing above board logistics
if you are in the market to buy logistics services you have come to the right place. star international is strategically positioned to provide you with a solution to meet your unique business needs.
our services knows no bounds. it transcends geographic and any other perceivable boundaries. indeed you have made the right decision to be part of the star experience.
Integrity- our dealings are always above board. we take a deliberate stance to preserve your image as a law abiding corporate citizen by abiding by the laws of countries we operate in and by carrying out our business in a manner that does not prejudice the state of other stakeholders
customer focus we listen and make tailor made solutions at competitive rates
Our background
pelcravia enterprise t/a
star international
we are a logistics services company incorporated in hong kong, south africa , mozambique and zimbabwe. our core business is the provision of logistics solutions throughout the world either directly or through strategic alliances.
if you are in the market to buy logistics services you have come to the right place. star international is strategically positioned to provide you with a solution to meet your unique business needs.
If you have a question about the supply chain visit or contact us at 
96 willowvale, willowvale, harare.
operations@starinternational.co.zw
+263 8644 086
meet - our team
How do you get a rate?
Rate depends on the tonnage and route. Please contact us on the given phone number to get an exact rate based on your requirements. 
